README.md, before:

# Neighborcycle

## Table of Contents
1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [Product Spec](#product-spec)
3. [Wireframe](#wireframe)

## Overview
### Description
An app that facilitates the reuse of unwanted items between neighbors. If a user has an item they would like to get rid of, they can post the item. Neighbors can view posted items and, if they like the item, can express interest in it.

## Product Spec

### 1. User Stories (Required and Optional)

**Required Must-have Stories**

- [x] The user can create an account and fill in a profile describing their preferences and location.
- [x] The user can log in and out 
- [ ] The user can edit their preferences in their profile
- [x] The user's home screen shows a list of items near their location
- [x] The user can create a post, including information about the age, quality, and other notes about the item
- [x] The user can search for items
- [ ] The user can click on an item to be taken to a detail view of the item that includes the location of the item in Google Maps and where they can express interest in the item
- [ ] The user can view the people who have expressed interest in their items in the profile tab
- [ ] The user can remove posts from the database

**Optional Nice-to-have Stories**

- [ ] The user can view a Google Maps view of the items near them
- [ ] The user can set a deadline, after which they will 
- [ ] When expressing interst in an item, the user can add a note for the poster to see
- [ ] The user can see items that they have requested
- [ ] the user can take away their expressed interest in an item
- [ ] Create unit tests to ensure high quality recommendation system

## Wireframe
[Figma mockup](https://www.figma.com/proto/4ZI7mgggnlCKpWadVqxARe/Untitled?node-id=1%3A2&scaling=scale-down&page-id=0%3A1&starting-point-node-id=1%3A2)

Commit message:

Update readme with progress and a GIF

README.md, after:

# Neighborcycle

## Table of Contents
1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [Product Spec](#product-spec)
3. [Wireframe](#wireframe)

## Overview
### Description
An app that facilitates the reuse of unwanted items between neighbors. If a user has an item they would like to get rid of, they can post the item. Neighbors can view posted items and, if they like the item, can express interest in it.

Here is a Gif of my progress as of August 18, 2021:
(The UI is not finished yet as I have been focused on getting the functionality down)

<img src="neighborcycle.gif" width="300" height="600" />

## Product Spec

### 1. User Stories (Required and Optional)

**Required Must-have Stories**

- [x] The user can create an account and fill in a profile describing their preferences and location.
- [x] The user can log in and out 
- [ ] The user can edit their preferences in their profile
- [x] The user's home screen shows a list of items near their location
- [x] The user can create a post, including information about the age, quality, and other notes about the item
- [x] The user can search for items
- [x] The user can click on an item to be taken to a detail view of the item that includes the location of the item in a map (MapKit) and where they can express interest in the item
- [ ] The user can view the people who have expressed interest in their items in the profile tab
- [ ] The user can remove posts from the database
- [x] Use AutoLayout for the views

**Optional Nice-to-have Stories**

- [ ] The user can view a Google Maps view of the items near them
- [ ] The user can set a deadline, after which they will 
- [ ] When expressing interst in an item, the user can add a note for the poster to see
- [ ] The user can see items that they have requested
- [ ] the user can take away their expressed interest in an item
- [ ] Create unit tests to ensure high quality recommendation system

## Wireframe
[Figma mockup](https://www.figma.com/proto/4ZI7mgggnlCKpWadVqxARe/Untitled?node-id=1%3A2&scaling=scale-down&page-id=0%3A1&starting-point-node-id=1%3A2)
